README.rst, before:

.. These are examples of badges you might want to add to your README:
   please update the URLs accordingly

    .. image:: https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/<USER>/topology-programming.svg?branch=main
        :alt: Built Status
        :target: https://cirrus-ci.com/github/<USER>/topology-programming
    .. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/topology-programming/badge/?version=latest
        :alt: ReadTheDocs
        :target: https://topology-programming.readthedocs.io/en/stable/
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/github/<USER>/topology-programming/main.svg
        :alt: Coveralls
        :target: https://coveralls.io/r/<USER>/topology-programming
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/topology-programming.svg
        :alt: PyPI-Server
        :target: https://pypi.org/project/topology-programming/
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/topology-programming.svg
        :alt: Conda-Forge
        :target: https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/topology-programming
    .. image:: https://pepy.tech/badge/topology-programming/month
        :alt: Monthly Downloads
        :target: https://pepy.tech/project/topology-programming
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social&label=Twitter
        :alt: Twitter
        :target: https://twitter.com/topology-programming

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/-PyScaffold-005CA0?logo=pyscaffold
    :alt: Project generated with PyScaffold
    :target: https://pyscaffold.org/

|

====================
topology-programming
====================


    Add a short description here!


A longer description of your project goes here...


.. _pyscaffold-notes:

Note
====

This project has been set up using PyScaffold 4.4.1. For details and usage
information on PyScaffold see https://pyscaffold.org/.

Commit message:

add note not to use pip 23.1.2

README.rst, after:

.. These are examples of badges you might want to add to your README:
   please update the URLs accordingly

    .. image:: https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/<USER>/topology-programming.svg?branch=main
        :alt: Built Status
        :target: https://cirrus-ci.com/github/<USER>/topology-programming
    .. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/topology-programming/badge/?version=latest
        :alt: ReadTheDocs
        :target: https://topology-programming.readthedocs.io/en/stable/
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/github/<USER>/topology-programming/main.svg
        :alt: Coveralls
        :target: https://coveralls.io/r/<USER>/topology-programming
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/topology-programming.svg
        :alt: PyPI-Server
        :target: https://pypi.org/project/topology-programming/
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/topology-programming.svg
        :alt: Conda-Forge
        :target: https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/topology-programming
    .. image:: https://pepy.tech/badge/topology-programming/month
        :alt: Monthly Downloads
        :target: https://pepy.tech/project/topology-programming
    .. image:: https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social&label=Twitter
        :alt: Twitter
        :target: https://twitter.com/topology-programming

.. .. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/-PyScaffold-005CA0?logo=pyscaffold
..     :alt: Project generated with PyScaffold
..     :target: https://pyscaffold.org/

.. |

====================
topology-programming
====================

install package with `pip install .`

Note: **use pip version 22.3.1**, *do not use 23.1.2*.

with 23.1.2, One dependency, tmgen will not install. 

A longer description of your project goes here...


.. _pyscaffold-notes:

Note
====

This project has been set up using PyScaffold 4.4.1. For details and usage
information on PyScaffold see https://pyscaffold.org/.
